Dave the hipster here to talk about artsy fucking movies
We're on our we're just about to catch the bus the autobus to see a man of steel
Neither of us really know much about it
I've heard some pretty bad things about it to be honest. Yeah, so I'm not going into this with open arms
I'm not gonna lie. I'm not a huge Superman fan. I liked Smallville. I really like really like Smallville
I like to do a degree. I like Lois and Clark more. Yep. Yeah, that was a much better show
You know what? I liked what that one Superman cartoon where he beat up Japanese people because it was made in like the 1930s
Everyone did it back then. Okay, all the superheroes the job. All right. Well anyways, even Bugs Bunny did it. Yeah, that's true
And yeah, Donald Duck became a Nazi. Yeah. Anyways, that's that's completely off the beaten track there. Please don't suck
Please don't be garbage. I know it'll be a good popcorn movie. At least you think so most likely
It's gonna be all flash and cash but all flash. No cash. Is that is that a saying? I think so. I'd like to say it
Um, I don't know
Mmm, I
Haven't liked any of the other Superman movies. I haven't seen Superman Returns
So I like the original Superman movie Superman's hard to make a movie for like I was yeah
I was saying this earlier upstairs like Batman has a bunch of really good villains Superman doesn't know
Superman's villains are not rooted in bleh in like cultural lexicon
Funny she said lexicon
Yeah, but like everyone even non comic book readers know who Batman and the Joker are yeah, you know
Yeah, I've heard of Lex Luthor. They've heard of him, but he's not as ubiquitous as the Joker
No, because he's not he's he's just a guy. He's just
Manipulative he's a demon and cruel but he's not he's not like psychotic
Yeah, but I mean even even beyond that like everyone knows most of Batman's villains. Yeah, they do Batman's villains
They're just they're just more interesting to begin with because they're yeah, they all seem like splinters of his of his
Psyche from when he was, you know, horribly scarred. I wouldn't go quite that far. That's a fan theory
Superman I mean when it comes down to it
Superman's you know his parents didn't die. His parents got old. That's it. No his parents died of old age
No, his real parents died
Okay-dotted and then his other parents died of old age actually the story goes that his his father is adopted father
Jonathan supposed to died of a heart attack. He was like a teenager. That's not how it went though
So it's on the movies in most stories of that Superman's in
He's still kind of old and around and just like an old man out in the farm. There's different there's different ones, right?
I mean you can say this is Candace's Canada, but like whatever it's not really that's not so much an important thing
The thing is is Superman himself makes a good bill
This isn't gonna be a movie about that though, but it's not so that's why I'm not really holding out for yeah
But that that's you. I like you know, I like Zod though. Yeah, I hope this Zod is okay
if there's gonna be if there's gonna be a villain in a Superman movie if it's not Lex and
Yeah, there is cuz
It doesn't make sense for it to be anybody else no Zod was the quintessential
Superman but you know what?
This before we before you take off I'm gonna say one more thing
This seems like it's gonna have this the Star Trek syndrome of the last movie we watched probably where it'll be like police
We know it's odd they have yeah
They have con in there just because it's con and cuz they and cuz they want to capitalize on the sequel on that trend
That movies are going with now. They're gonna go with they're gonna go with Zod to do the exact same thing
It's gonna feel the same I bet
This time I agree with you. So let's let's go the movie
Before crappy movie. Yes. I would have to actually use that line Neil
Hey guys, we just got back from watching Man of Steel. Yeah, as you can tell it's night out
We're still on our back porch. Just it's night. This is a Porsche or a deck deck. It's a deck. Yeah
Yeah, what's the what's that because they're made of wood and they're both have banisters and you can usually fit chairs on them
So what's like what how does it go from deck to porch? What's the size difference?
And
What do you think of it would you think of that seal I
Have very mixed feelings about it. Do you um, let me see now. I mix them with
Yes
Alternative blend man. Okay, honestly, I thought overall it was okay
It wasn't as impressive as I found Star Trek. I
Found that
I'm just gonna start off with the thing. I don't like the lowest. Okay, it's all right, by the way spoilers
Yeah, well knows odds in it Cumberbatch was odd. I
Don't even I don't even know who plays odd. I can't remember why I camera his name, but I didn't like him
I honestly I thought he was kind of over he over acted a lot
and I want to get this out of the way right now just
Just what happened in my mind and has nothing to do it with anything in the movie
Well, it does but it's not a big critique. Okay, but remember how there was the scene where Zod's like like
Zod
Lands on earth and he has his helmet off and he's like
He's like looking at his arm and he finally gets his senses in order, you know
It zooms in really close in his face. He gets the same powers of Superman
Yeah, but it zooms in really close in his face and he's like I finally yeah
I finally have my senses in order I can control his senses
Yeah, there's they left a giant zit on his nose
And it was just like yeah
They took up like one eight to the screen just this giant zit cuz they zoomed in so close and I was like
Did you notice that? Yeah
Fucking makeup fail
Well, I think I'd actually made sense. I think leaving it in made sense cuz I mean he
He's stressing out and he he was just dirty at that point
I mean, I like the realism and in the giant Zod zit
But every the rest of the movie, yeah, but the rest of them was just not
I think I saw two scenes with him in there that were actually
Actually, okay to good
He had some good lines though. Like he had that the one where
He was talking to like a computer program of Superman's dad
Jor-el played by Russell Crowe. Yeah, he was he was like
Yeah, he was talking to it to Jor-el and he's and Jor-el is like you can't you can't kill everyone
He's like I'm arguing the merits of genocide with a ghost. Yeah, that was kind of funny
There was actually a couple laughs and then and then when he says like where did you train on a farm? Yeah
There and yeah, there were some good he had a he had a few decent lines
They weren't like other characters in the movie like overly funny though where like the girl said I just think Superman's kind of hot
Yeah, there were some goofy lines that made me chuckle
There was a few but that was another thing about the movie. I found that
Wasn't quite as endearing was that it took its way too seriously. Mmm. It was just
So over-the-top and I mean it is Superman and Superman has a certain flexibility and being over-the-top
However, you can't make a realistic world and then
Do what they did with it there and expect people to take it seriously. Yeah, like it was Dragon Ball Z fights
It was like smashing people through fucking the earth
Welcome to earth. Welcome to going through the entire earth
Great
Smashing people through buildings and shit and like, you know speaking of that
Like that final fight between Zod and Superman. Mm-hmm. Okay, so Superman
Okay at the end of the movie Superman kills Zod and others
He kills Zod and then he's like overcome by a grief that he had to kill somebody
Like in his fight with Zod, they're like smashing each other through fucking
Skyscrapers and they're just collapsing on to each other and like in that fight. They have killed millions of people
At least thousands like they're throwing around fucking oil tankers that explode and like helicopters are falling out of the fucking sky like
super like the collateral damage to both
lives and
Stuff. Yeah, it's Superman directly causes in his fight with Zod. There's
catastrophic really not that much
emphasis on evacuation efforts
No so much because you think that like everyone's fucking just yeah
Cuz you see like three three people from the Daily Planet including Perry White just running away
Yeah, and that guy's running from the building as they're building slowly collapses on top of them. Yeah, you know, it's and like
Pretty evident. There's no there's no real warning there
No
and like the final
That the final plan is odd is to like terraform the earth with this giant beam that goes through the center of the earth's core
That was pretty cool. Actually, I like that. It was kind of neat
Like the way they were like lifting up the gravity that gravity was like lifting shit and smashing it down again
Because it was slowly increasing. Yeah each time because they're
It's like drinkable see it's like a hundred tons of gravity. Yeah, and that was neat
That was neat to see but like fucking everybody died
Like there were no survivors of this fucking movie or there shouldn't have been
Dude there's survivors that much fucking destruction like how many people the other side of camera just died the other side
Wasn't so bad, but metropolis the core metropolis. There were probably thousands of casualties. Yeah
Yeah, like like and like how many were mentioned military how many were like directly by superman like when Superman gets pissed off
He's like don't talk about my mom like that
And I was like your mom and then Superman just tackles them and then they fly through 30 buildings
He killed people. All right. All right. All right
So I think we're getting up too much in his semantics here. I'd like to talk a little bit more bigger picture
Here's where I'm going with this
Okay, Superman cries at the end cuz he killed Zod. He has killed millions before the inadvertently though
This is the first person he's killed directly
So also I did like at the ends odds like James Bond esque fucking laser like getting closer to the families
I
Think the plot was very disjointed it just kept going back. I swear to God it felt like a fucking absolute loss
I didn't mind the flashbacks
I didn't mind the fact that we would go back and like see but they just bring on these elements and they wouldn't explain them
I like the fact that that we would go back and see Superman's
Childhood because it was it was an origin story that made sense. Yeah, we went back and saw his childhood it that aspect
I was fine with I just I thought it was kind of weird
They started off with him being an adult and working on a fucking fishing but Batman did that
In Batman Begins like it starts with him as an adult in the Chinese prison and it shows his childhood. Yeah. Yeah
It's the same thing. I think they handled it better though. Yeah. Yeah, I mean a little bit my dad
I mean and and and they showed they showed in the movie that Canadians are real jerks. Yeah
Apparently if you're getting into their assholes, you're a good-looking guy from from America automatically. We hate you
Yeah, so we'll just get into bar fights with you in Nova Scotia
Although that was another part that was funny though what he does this guy who started beating. I think that's a good a
Good take on the fortress of solitude
The fact that it was like a 20,000 year old
Derelict kryptonian ship just frozen in the ice it does that was me
It is a lot more convenient instead of him just standing where they're there with a heat rate
He did burrow his way in though
Yeah, like to get into this ship
He did he fucking tunneled through the ice with his heat vision but like the fortress of solitude originally wasn't like like something that
He built himself
Hang out as a natural ice
But like he kind of like sculpted it with his yeah with his super powers
He did but like in this one. It is a frozen ship. Yeah, which is I think in a neat like
I'm not a purist. I like when
Franchises they if you're gonna remake a franchise do something new with it put a different spin on it
I'm okay with that and with the fortress of solitude making it into a derelict kryptonian ship made sense. I think it was cool
That was the only thing I really thought was cool this movie one part that kind of rankled with me as well was they
they introduced
like they introduced
Superman as Clark Kent to Lois Lane really fast like she found out so fast. Yeah, that's because
Superman was never he never really called himself Superman. He wasn't he was never really a superhero in this
You know she was gonna start calling
Well, I don't think you own what she was
Like even when he is in the Superman costume. He's called Clark Kent or Kal-el
Yeah, I should call him Cal. Yeah, they call him. They just call him Cal
Yeah, like he's either one of the other they don't call him anything else
When using the costume like she goes to say what why doesn't the s stand for soup and it just kind of stops
Yeah, like she's interrupted and like that. It's not an ass. Yeah
That is another thing like I like the art direction in this I liked how there was like the floating like like
Balls that turn into faces. Yeah, I was like a organic metal
Yeah, that was really cool. And I liked how they explained the Superman symbol like just being random ass fucking symbols for every house
Yeah, they even know I had like the same the same thing like this
But it was like the same very the same the same emerald shape but had like a different symbol on it
Everyone had like a different some yeah, they did and she just happened to look like an ass
Yeah, and that's why we need
What I don't like though is how like when he's exploring the ship and his dad's like, by the way
Here's your suit and it's just like here's here's the Superman suit
Oh, yeah, if I'm gonna draw a parallel between this and anything else. I just read
Superman earth one graphic novel and it's takes place when Clark is 20 and
He's been to junior college he's off to metropolis
He's trying to find a job and his landlady says, you know, you should go get more education
It's like I'm okay goes he tries over a football team just creams them goes and goes and solves. It is an incredibly
intense
equation with drawing
Electrician salt water or something like that and
Then he goes and he becomes like this massively successful stockbroker because he's so intelligent, right?
Wasn't that like that was something they retcon that like Superman like in at least in modern comics only really has average
Intelligence that he can't keep up to Batman in terms of intelligence
That was a thing they made they did like Batman is like the smartest motherfucker in the universe
Well, the thing also a Superman is he can meet people's minds. So he might be a can he is he could even he can hear?
people's thoughts Oh
can he
He yes, he can you couldn't in this movie?
Yes, he could when he's when he's in the closet and the other kids like oh what a freak. He's hearing them talk
He's not hearing that. He's not hearing their thoughts. He's hearing them talk through the wall. He has super sensitive hearing
Superman can hear every what everyone's saying also
I don't know one point you can read mine
I'm sure there's like a new duration of Superman where he has the power to read minds
But I think commonly Superman's powers have always been like super super senses. Yeah, the super senses the flying the strength
The
Invulnerability. I don't think there was a healing factor just invulnerability
He had no idea. He doesn't have a healing factor because when he's on
The ship he is attacked. Yeah
Like scout ship he gets attacked and he's got a cut and he still got it. Yeah
It takes time to heal
Well, then like there is an in the Dark Knight Returns Superman has a healing factor based on just how much sunlight he gets
Cuz he gets hit directly with a nuke in that comic and he's like a fucking just like like near-death like cripple skeleton
He's like, ah, and then he just gets into the center
This comes back
Yeah, I there's there's a definitely some
Yeah with this movie. I
Didn't mind the flashbacks. I like Kevin Costner. He was good. He was good as I thought
Between him and Russell Crowe. They were the best people the best characters in the movie
Yeah, they both did they had enough lines to make an impact to have wait, but they didn't eclipse anyone else
Yeah, they were both. They're just good. There's like you're just like character acting. Yes. They were both good in this movie
They're both different kinds of dads entirely. Yeah, but like with
with
Jonathan Kent
Like the one thing I didn't like about him
Was
How he was like he wanted Superman to hide his powers to the point of letting people die
including himself
Yeah spoilers. Yeah, like I don't think that's something that Jonathan Kent would do like
Like Superman like the fucking bus bus crashes into the lake and Superman's like what should I shave is let them drown?
He's like, I don't know
You know, like, you know, I think what he's implying is that he should have saved them anyways
But he should have been more careful about instead of lifting the bus directly on the water
He should just you know
Like just kind of threw them up in the surface cuz he's got the strength to do it
Yeah, just grab that, you know everyone cuz he would have had enough time. Mm-hmm
It wouldn't have taken that long
He could have done and then just like and then just like oh man, I just say yeah
Um, you know what I say to you. I'm a good swimmer. Yeah, but I mean it just seemed
Maybe you took that from that. I didn't take that from that for me to me
It seemed like Jonathan Kent was actually advocating letting the kids die or at least
considering the possibility of letting everyone in the bus died to tell it so that so that
Clark can just go on without being discovered which is not very much like also like kind of a weird version of Uncle Ben
Yeah, well his death was was very Uncle Ben esque like, you know, yeah
Man could have like saved him immediately without even breaking a sweat and he looks at him. Yeah. Yeah, he's standing there
He's standing there like in the middle of this fucking in like the eye of a tornado and he's just like no
He's not even the eyes of the outskirts. No, wait, he's standing there in the middle of this fucking tornado and he just goes no
It's like don't worry about he just goes
God, yeah. Yeah, he goes back to save a fucking dog. Yeah a dog. Yeah that dies to save a dog
Yeah, that's not right. I was stupid. Yeah, if you went back to save a human I could see it but a dog
Yeah, I like what yeah, but really don't sacrifice your life to save a fucking dog. Yeah, I
That
Like I didn't buy that Jonathan Kent was so committed to
Not revealing his son's identity that he would say no, let's have people die. Well, I didn't buy that it wasn't he was anti
Revelation he was he was against him showing himself at the improper time when he wasn't already
I mean if you notice he said I'm 33. Mm-hmm. It's like a whole Jesus thing
They were drawing parallels to Jesus. Well, of course, I mean remember when he like he floated out into space and he's like
There is a Christian bent to the movie, yeah, there really is I mean he even goes and talks to a priest
And here's the problem with being 33
Like he's 33. He discovers the he discovers the the fortress of solitude. He talks to his dad
He gets the suit and he's like you need to train your powers and become strong
It's like okay, so he starts like jumping around in the Arctic and I'm like
If you're 33 and you're a kid and you're lifting buses out of the fucking ocean
Yeah, he's already got the potential to do like no. No, like you're only now testing the limits of your abilities
Yeah, like he was flying and like he's like yeah, this is awesome man, I can fly and you're 33
Oh don't explain it
Don't you think you would have like looked into that shit earlier if you knew you had all these big stage explain
Actually, and like I'm not in the movie, but they explained in the one comic I read this isn't the fucking comics Dave
No, but it does make sense the material that it is. It's a Kryptonian material that cannot be burnt or ripped or
Melted by conventional earth means therefore. It's the only thing he can wear in order to fly
Otherwise, it would just get torn off. So he just will end up in the middle of nowhere bare-ass naked
Okay fair enough, but do you think a ten-year-old who has crazy amounts of superpowers?
He couldn't fly until he would though would try it even in the original movie
He still didn't start like flying until he was 33. No. No, he was he was in his teens
Okay, so he's in his teens and he goes to try to fly and he flies and rips his clothes off and goes
Oh, well, I'm naked. But now I know I can fly. No. No in this movie. He doesn't even try it to lose three like that
Doesn't make sense to me
He should have tested the boundaries of his abilities before his his real dad comes along because because there's a scene where he's
going from a fishing boat to the top of a oil rig and
In like two seconds, so he has to have jumped he has to have some notion that he can do it
Yeah, it's just that he hasn't but to really push himself right, but the fact that he is
Like elated
It's obvious that that moment in the movie was his first time flying
It is they make it clear by the way
He's reacting by the way
He but by the way, he's he's doing it is his first time flying and I don't buy that
I think you would have tried it if you were when you were younger, it's half-baked
That's the whole movies half-baked that's what exactly I was gonna say the whole movie is half is it's it's half-assed
It's got good action scenes. It's got ridiculous action. See it's got well, they're well-made
Special effects was I wasn't I wasn't worried about that. I was worried about the plot
I mean about characterization
Here's the problem like you can go in and like go down the list of things that are good in a movie and you can
Tick off special effects, but like does that really mean anything anymore having good special effects?
It's a summer action not a blockbuster
It's a summer action blockbuster it having great special effects, which it does it comes on. It does not give it any full facts
It's not really the CG so much as the makeup
Yeah, it's consistency
Yeah, and I mean what it comes down the art direction the art direction in this movie was great the costuming the the looks of
Like Krypton. Oh speaking of Krypton. How is he like he's like
I
Russell Crowe someone's fucking a tree
you mean Falkor and like
Goes on this fucking chase scene. Yeah, like fucking like space helicopters after him. That was a bit much one with nature
You like he's like a world of Warcraft hunter who like blows
Like blows his whistle and like his pet appears. He just flies away bro. Let's go
Epic
Yeah, it was pretty far-fetched so
Yeah, they also they developed Zod's
Female right-hand woman there a lot to Easton amount one thing that bothered me about her was she was in there in there in Superman
Too anyway, wasn't she? Yeah, she had he had two people. Yeah. The one thing that bothered me about her
It wasn't like a huge thing, but
She gets hit so much and then she gets a missile she catches a missile and that knocks her out
Well, it was a pretty big missile
Still I mean Dave Dave, she took a hell of a life give any woman a meat missile and she will get knocked out
No, no, like I I I I bought that because the missile seemed much more destructive than even like a kryptonian punch
All right, well that was the only thing that really rankle with me
But I mean like yeah the destructiveness of those fight scenes between like Superman Zod Superman and all the other kryptonians
They're like smashing concrete. Yeah, they're blowing up I hops
Honestly, if I'm gonna say anything about a recommendation like I'm I'm gonna go see it again. Are you yes
I'm gonna go see it again and
it's
well
This time I'm gonna I'm gonna try to look at it more objectively. Mm-hmm, and hopefully I'll like it more
I'm not I'm not just I'm going with other people. So yeah, but I mean like oh
Yes, we can have the I hops
Pete dude, there's so much product placement like the no key. She like
He and I hop that was pretty much she's climbing up like the side of this of this ledge or something
She's like she she puts her fucking camera. She puts her camera on ledges like oh, oh fuck
She's like catches her breath
And the whole time is just like on the Nokia just filling the screen or
Or the I hope yeah
Funny though like
Pete I'm the manager of I hope yeah, he's just like I'm working on I hope that's like, okay
And but then like they come back to the I hop and like destroy it in a fight
Yeah, and then Superman looks at Pete Pete looks at Superman like I know you
So you're having a fight in my eye
There are like kind of buddies, I think it was implied they're like sort of like the closest thing of friends that
Superman had yeah, and in the in Smallville, they are friends like which is like actually yeah, like how come
It they didn't really show like Lana Lang being friends of them or anything
What I think they just want to throw it in as a you want to make him a loner in this one, basically
Yeah, I mean let's because if he wanders in his baby he finds that the ship like he is a loner
And I don't think they really want to spend much time on building another romantic angle. They just wanted those
yeah, because I mean, I mean Lana for anyone who's
Any somewhat super fan worth their salt? They're not gonna they're not gonna
Deny that Lana Lang was a presence in his in his youth. Mm-hmm
Yeah, but I mean, yeah, I think they just wanted to build up as a loner like yeah
This this entire movie is about Superman being alone and then discovering who he is. Yeah, it's the opposite of Smallville Smallville
Like he's got Lex as a buddy. He's got Pete as a buddy. He's got the Chloe chick. He's got Lana
Eventually Lois. Yeah later on. Yeah, so it is it's very much kind of the
The same old crap that we you know, the same thing we were talking about before. Yeah, it's like it's just the same sort of
You know the lone wolf going against the chaotic that the engine of chaos you yeah, yeah, definitely
You mentioned before Zod and I'm talking about Zod a bit. Here's the thing. I
Went into this thinking I'd be disappointed by him and I wasn't I wasn't I think he's a good actor and
Zod's a great character and they wrote Zod well and how Zod looked was great
But this guy was not the guy to play Zod. No, he wasn't I I
like to be like
Nationalist, but I think a British guy should play
Cumberbatch, no, no, no, no, but I mean
Those are big shoes to fill. That's Terrence stamp. Mm-hmm. That guy was that guy was like he if they didn't do a kneel
Didn't do kneel before Zod. No, they didn't even some other shit. They did
This is Krypton. Yeah
And they did I will find him which is from doing if you saw doing
And I do and barely I've watched the miniseries and we watch all day the actual movie because it was really fucking long
Yeah, dude, and it has staying in it. So
Anyways, but no with the Zod like
He's a good actor and like the lines they wrote for him were all great lines and how he looked I was all of them
But but his delivery was was but he was not the guy to play Zod
Otherwise everything and everything involving Zod was pretty, you know, I think part of it was to he had a speech at Benjamin did he?
Yeah, I couldn't tell. Yes. Yeah, it sounded like it was like
Like his asses or something it's something there's something weird about the way he spoke
Yeah, it's I didn't speech at Benjamin. I didn't even notice or I could tell I could hear the whole way through
It was really and it was really getting on me. I was like, what the hell is that?
There's something about him despite the fact that he's American or I think he was American, you know
I don't even look up the actor might even Canadian might have been who knows what have been English
Yeah, but the fact that he was using American or a new American classic kind of accent
But he had something weird about his voice. Yeah
Well here here like I said before that Batman's Batman's and villains
They're more
Notable in common society. It's like like you have the Joker everyone knows who the Joker is. You've got
The you know Catwoman everyone knows who that woman is you have even bane to to a limited extent everyone knows who things
Everyone everyone knows who the Riddler. Yeah, everyone knows they have
That's more flash and more substance at the same time
Yeah, and actually and here's the weirdest thing but like like in the first Nolan Batman
It was the Scarecrow and Ra's al Ghul
And like they were those two are not notable Batman villains. I'm surprised that he did them
Oh, no, it's great
But I'm surprised that he did it that you think that you would want to open up with the ones people know
You knew people yeah, but but then but then compare that to Superman's villains and you have
like
And Lex Luthor the ones that would work in a big-budget movie
Designed for people who really aren't fans in the comics like this one
Yeah
Zod would work
And Lex Lex Luthor is the number one that would work general Zod a distant number two doomsday
And no, you wouldn't you wouldn't even been there at all. You know, like if you had to choose a third one, it'd be like
Brainy, maybe yeah, but they already use brainiac in Green Lantern
Was he in Green Lantern? Yeah
Have you seen Green Lantern? No. Okay. Well, I watched it was shit
It wasn't just miss skip this one. I basically know you're Ryan Reynolds. Yeah, it wasn't very good
Yeah, Mark Strong was good at Sinestro, but well Sinestro wasn't a bad guy in that one was he he was he was like
Oh, he wasn't because he's he's going to be later
He was going to be but then it flopped so poorly that they decided not to make a sequel. Yeah, but I think
If they could have had better better choices of actors if they'd have they kept Mark Strong and tried again
Maybe yeah, he was good. He was very strong
Well here here's the thing like you you've got like those three with with
Zod and Brainiac being distant thirds to Lex Luthor and Lex Luthor just is not a compelling villain for
Someone who is as powerful as Superman like for Superman to in my opinion to really work on the big screen and it didn't work
By the way, but they did it before
Yeah
None of the Superman films have worked in my opinion
None of the old ones not Superman Returns and not this one. They all have fundamental flaws
The first one I would probably have to be the best of the worst then
And no cuz he fucking turns he turns back time by going around the fucking earth. Okay, fine except for that part
I think probably the best of the worst is the second one
Yeah
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, of course because I have the original general Zod
I was I was toting his horn earlier, but I think if you have if you're gonna make a
Superman movie
You only have two choices
one you embrace the pure silliness of the comics like they did with the Avengers and
Just just go fucking just way out there and wild and cross over fucking everything and just make a fucking crazy
fucking serious or two
you have to
radically depower Superman
Because he is too powerful to to make people give a shit
Yeah, you know like if he's as powerful as he is and he's fighting Lex Luthor
He can just like fart on Lex Luthor and pulverize him, you know
So the only other option is to bring in somebody like general Zod who is also as power
And then you get it and then it turns into like a dragon ball z-fest
There's no kryptonite in the movie
But that didn't bug me because kryptonite kryptonite came about because they needed to level the playing field between Superman and human enemies
Yeah, so when Zod's are on you don't need kryptonite. They don't even mention it. That's why I don't even show it or anything
I just thought was kind of weird. I
Didn't miss it
But like well then again, they already kind of have a kryptonite and I think of it because they had the atmosphere
Yeah, I just weakened him down to a regular guy, right? Yeah
But to make a good Superman movie you need to depower Superman
Not to the like not to the point that a regular human could stand up to him
but like to the point that
You know, he would be physically grunting and straining to lift up a bus
He could do it but it'd be like for us deadlifting like 300 pounds
You know
They go the third option together
He would not be able to like fucking bash through 30 buildings with like Zod's face
You just do the third option which is make him the villain
Yeah, you can do that too. But then you have to like well, who's your hero?
Well, then it has to be Lex or it has to be Batman and that turns into a bigger thing
You know, it's fine if they did a very if they actually did something based on red Sun
Which is I wouldn't I wouldn't know I think the best Superman story
Ironically was the Dark Knight strike returns their returns
It's Batman you've read it right
Batman coming at a retirement 20 years later and Superman's a pawn of the government. Yeah, that is one of the best Superman stories
Because he is the antagonist, but he doesn't want to be yeah
But I think with it felt with with red Sun
Because it made him a Soviet agent and just it was such a cool twist on the whole story and the ending of that
Was just it was that was a huge twist. Like it was the ending whether I'm like I tell you I want you to read it
I'm not gonna read it. So just tell me
We'll edit it out. Okay
Regarding Zod
A good villain well-written not the actor for the job and
He is part of a larger problem in Superman movies that if Superman is as powerful as he is
Zod is the only villain that can actually be in the movie. Nobody else works without having something like
Yeah, yeah and which makes Zod kind of get old, you know
The only solution to make a good Superman movie is to depower Superman significantly
Then you can actually have other people have a fighting chance against him. Yeah peep someone who is as powerful as him
There's no inherent drama because you know, he's gonna get smashed through a concrete wall and come out fine
You know, there are there are serious like Kingdom Come
He is older and
His powers aren't as strong anymore. So that's also something that's viable
At least in
Next while even if they've brought the same actor back. I didn't mind him. He was okay
Yeah, he was good. Lois was good too. He looked the part. Yeah. I don't think she looked the part of Lois
She didn't look it but she she's still a decent actress. Yeah, but he looked like super. Oh, yeah
He looked sound and everything. Yeah, like the friggin barrel chest and everything. Yes
And like he acted him. Well, he was written. Well, I think Superman has always it could be he's always been the
Light side hero and he was like he's like the ultimate Boy Scout. Yeah, and he was in this
Yeah, he was yeah, so I mean like there's a lot to improve on but I don't think without
Fundamentally altering what this movie was it could have improved any more than they did, you know
It was it was okay, but for it to be any better they would they would have had to gut and rework the entire thing
You know, there was no quick fixes in this movie to make it better it's essentially
It's it's it's the first two original Superman movies just kind of flung together
There's no Lex Luthor though. That's the origin story plus Zod. Yeah, that's that's what I'm talking about
Yeah, anyway, which makes sense because like Zod like if you're gonna have an origin story
It makes sense to have Zod be the villain of the origin story because Zod is part of the origin
Yeah, you know the fact that technically he is the fact that that was worked in was great. All right, okay
but
Yeah, I guess final final thoughts in this movie. Um, I'm gonna go see it again. So yeah
And I'd I recommend seeing it but like
Like you can't like with Star Trek go with a grain of salt yeah
You can't expect a masterpiece. It's not here. This movie does not have it all together. It's a it's a popcorn movie again. Yeah
Like it's just it's another case of those movies trying to capitalize on the massive success of
Thematically similar movies with similar looking trailers and just failing at it. Yeah, they did not capture the exact matter. You you're not making
Yeah, what wasn't yeah wasn't he like kind of like on the on the books to make a Dark Knight Returns movie I
Think so, he was a guy that made Watchmen. Yeah, and what was good?
It was good, but it was it was again one of those things where it was impossible to bring it across
Perfectly. Yeah, or as close to perfectly as possible. We did a very good job
He did a good job with what he had. He didn't do a good job here. I don't think
Not really
No, and I feel like Christopher Nolan's name was just kind of attached to it just to get fans of the Dark Knight series to
Show up pretty much. Well, you had it. You had a hand in the original script everything, right? So yeah
I wonder what did that look like cuz I'm sure it wasn't like this
Yeah after this we'll talk about trailers dudes, you know, we're gonna trail it up we're gonna eat some trail mix
So Dave tell me about these trailers that you're pulling in the back of your truck
Dev wasn't there for a couple of the trailers. Yeah, I went to get some popcorn. You went to get popcorn
You're late. It was like the same crap as last time
We saw Pacific Rim. There was no GLaDOS voice in it, which is disappointing
No, that wasn't that one. No one was new the other two. It was the snail car bullshit. Yeah turbo the Disney movie and
I actually used to Disney movies and I think of it. What was it? I'm on Ranger again. What's the on Ranger?
So I wasn't there for this one. Obviously the Lone Ranger. It was playing last time
I'm big William tell over church. Did I did it? Did I did it? Did I did it? Yes, Kimo said
Yeah, you know William tell overture is his theme song from the year, you know from the TV show and he had
I don't recall the trailer though. He had an Indian guide friend. I don't recall the trailer. It was Johnny Depp playing
playing tanto
There's a guy who's like his brother gets killed and he swears revenge
And I don't know if he gets like if he gets killed or horribly injured
But I guess I think he gets injured, but he gets healed back like by the local natives
And well, it's very clear that this trailer is of no fucking consequence
No, it's not the movie looks because absolutely stupid because like I can't remember it after twice. Yeah
But then they had that turbo which is a snail who gets nitro. Yeah, he gets he accidentally falls into a
nitrous oxide tank and somehow it just comes like awesome like super fast and joins a team of super fast snails and who somehow
Exist because they have like rockets
And get this he enters NASCAR
my two favorite things snails and horrible CG anthropomorphism and
NASCAR and rednecks
Well, that's part of the NASCAR
And then and then I love my grandmother, but my god
I do not understand her taste in that was that was there really only three trailers that was Pacific Rim
And that was it wasn't that one more Pacific Rim Pacific Rim. I think was the last one
There was one actually know there. I think there was one more that was
Pacific Rim was shit
out of the
Owen man, okay, dude
Our theater sucked like I don't mind it was packed and I don't mind sitting in the front row
That's why it was awful, but there's people like the kids like laughing and screaming in the fucking thing
Yeah, and they were talking. What can you do?
Yeah, like their asses actually there was there was my big complaint was we're too close to scream because it
Shit, I didn't mind it. It's degraded a lot. I like me boy. It was fuzzy man. It was that fuzzy
But like none of the worse music usually you get the full effect the speakers
We didn't which is a good thing in a bad thing
It's it's good that we didn't get our ears blasted tonight is but yeah to the
To the left a couple seats and then far back behind there was just this one woman who sounded middle-aged
Just fucking squawking through the whole fucking movie
Dad this is true. This is trailer talk
Dave if something remarkable happens in the theater
You have a duty to talk about like if a woman runs by and is naked would you talk about it on this deal?
Oh, yeah, because it would be a naked woman in the middle of a theater
But someone talking during a movie is nothing new
But yeah, was that was that really the only trailer was that I think I thought there was one after Pacific Rim
I can't remember. This is why you should write them down. I didn't think there was anything that past Pacific Rim because like this
There's something like in between but really if it was really that of that. Yeah
Like I can't remember it really can't I just I must have just blanked out
Yeah, there's there's nothing coming out anymore this year like this year has had its load blown with Star Trek and
No, there's there's okay. There's the hobbit right at the enders game. Oh, that's right enters game. Yeah, there are there
Actually, there's a list. I was looking I'm stumbling. There's a list of sci-fi and fantasy movies. Well, yes specifically
Isn't Pacific Rim coming out in July?
Yes, it's like July
I'm gonna go do that that one next for this this little thing. We got time. It was good
It's a good place or something like that
Night